- (optional) Notification Icon indicating whether we are
  on or off (suggested via Market comments).

- Optionally force disable usage of a data plan in any
  case (suggested by Ayman El-Ghazali). If Android does not
  support this per se, we could temporarily modify all APN
  records. All in all, not sure if this is really something
  we should implement.

- Make a bunch of behavior, like boot persistence,
  optional. To do this, we'd have to introduce a
  configuration dialog. It'd be cool if we could hook into
  the system settings, but we can't, so the best option
  would be to use our own settings activity that replaces
  the current toggle system, and an additional setting that
  allows the user to opt into the toggle system. In this
  case, the settings would be unavailable from this point on,
  until the application data is cleared through the
  application manager.

  Alternatively, we could have a separate icon in the
  application launcher that starts the settings activity,
  and for users who prefer not to have two icons a setting
  could be provided that disables the activity (via
  setComponentEnabledSetting), which *should* allow us to
  make the icon disappear.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Considering the part of the functionality that became obsolete with
Cupcake, implementing the features below doesn't really make much sense
anymore - while nominally good things, there's going to be just too
few people running the old Version in the long run.

- Investigate if running the service in a separate process
  will improve memory conditions, since now the Activity
  process can be killed off immediately. Right now, the
  Activity memory is probably only freed once the service
  restarts for the first time.

- Possible a related issue, it appears that if a wifi lock
  is active, then automatic wifi reconnecting seems to be
  broken im some cases. Wifi sometimes doesn't seem to come
  back automatically, even though a connection would be
  available, and so far this has only happend for me when a
  wifi lock utility was activated. A possible solution would
  be waiting for wifi state changes and release the lock
  when wifi comes down, and renable the lock once it is back.
  This issue *might* be pre-cupecake only - needs
  investigatation.

- Option to combine with Wifi toggle feature: switching
  on Wifi *and* enabling the lock in one click. Although
  this might really be unnecessary once boot persistence
  is implemented since you basically can just leave it
  always on. Let's see about this (suggested via Market
  comments).

- Is it wise to refresh the WifiLock once in a time to be
  on the safe side? There are also issues like:
  http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=2059

- Locale plugin (usecase Nr. 1 for this would have been "when
  plugged in", but there's a third Wi-Fi sleep policy option
  in Cupcake that does exactly this.